c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\bin\Debug\FeedMe.dll
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\bin\Debug\FeedMe.pdb
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\bin\Debug\FeedMe.dll.mdb
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\FeedMe_Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\FeedMe.dll
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\FeedMe.pdb
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\bin\Debug\FeedMe_Droid.FeedMe_Droid.apk
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\bin\Debug\FeedMe_Droid.FeedMe_Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\android\bin\FeedMe_Droid.FeedMe_Droid.apk
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-ldpi\.ds_store
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\.ds_store
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\.ds_store
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\.ds_store
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\.ds_store
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-ldpi\icon.png
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\selliot\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FeedMe\FeedMe\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
